Fix 2 minor typos in tutorial Galaxy 101 (#2743)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/introduction/tutorials/galaxy-intro-101/tutorial.md

> - **Chromosomes** can be thought of as a very long piece of DNA (string of A, C, T, Gs) Some organisms have chromosomes, in this tutorial we will use Human chromosome number 22.
> - **Features** are regions of the chromosome that are interesting for one reason or another. Some examples of features include genes, terminators, transcription start sites, and repeat regions.
> - **Genes** are one kind of interesting feature, a region that will be [transcribed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcription_(biology)) into RNA before being [translated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Translation_(biology)) into proteins.

> > - **Exons** are fundamental components of [eukaryotic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eukaryote) [genes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene#Structure_and_function). A typical eukaryotic gene contains numerous *exons* separated by *introns*. An entire gene containing both exons and introns is transcribed into an pre-messenger RNA or pre-mRNA. During maturation introns are excised from the pre-mRNA in a process called *[splicing](https://www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/rna-splicing-introns-exons-and-spliceosome-12375/)*.  A mature messenger RNA, or simply mRNA, is then transcribed into protein during process of transcription. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - **Exons** are fundamental components of [eukaryotic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eukaryote) [genes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene#Structure_and_function). A typical eukaryotic gene contains numerous *exons* separated by *introns*. An entire gene containing both exons and introns is *transcribed* into a pre-messenger RNA or pre-mRNA. During maturation introns are excised from the pre-mRNA in a process called *[splicing](https://www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/rna-splicing-introns-exons-and-spliceosome-12375/)*.  A mature messenger RNA, or simply mRNA, is then *translated* into protein during the process of *translation*. 
```
